Copyright (c) 2003-2004 by CodeThat.Com,   All  rights  reserved.
================================================================

COPYRIGHT: CodeThatGrid   (software)   and everything that comes 
with it, is copyright (c)   by CodeThat.Com. All rights reserved. 
Anything not explicitly allowed below, is not allowed.

RESTRICTIONS: You are permitted and  granted  the  non-exclusive 
right to use the software  in  personal, non-profit applications 
only. The permission is subject to  the  following  restrictions: 
The origin of this   software   must  not be misrepresented. The 
copyright  notice  must not be modified or removed from any part 
of the source code or other places it is written in. You may not 
distribute modified version  of the software in whole or in part.

TERMINATION: This license is effective until terminated. You may 
terminate it  by destroying  the software, the documentation and 
copies thereof. This license will  also terminate if you fail to 
comply with any terms or conditions of this agreement. You agree 
upon such termination to destroy all copies of the  software and 
of the documentation, or return them to author.

LIABILITY DISCLAIMER: THIS SOFTWARE IS DISTRIBUTED  "AS  IS" AND 
WITHOUT WARRANTIES  AS  TO PERFORMANCE OF MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY 
OTHER  WARRANTIES  WHETHER  EXPRESSED  OR IMPLIED. YOU USE IT AT 
YOUR OWN RISK. THE AUTHOR  WILL  NOT  BE  LIABLE  FOR  DATA LOSS, 
DAMAGES, LOSS OF PROFITS OR ANY OTHER KIND  OF  LOSS WHILE USING 
OR MISUSING THIS SOFTWARE.

All  other  rights  and restrictions not specifically granted in 
this license are reserved by the copyright holder.

================================================================
Copyright (c) 2003-2004 by CodeThat.Com,   All  rights  reserved.